---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airdrop_provider Data Source - terraform-provider-airdrop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# airdrop_provider (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airdrop_provider" "current" {
  metadata {
    name      = "my-provider"
    namespace = "default"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `spec` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `configuration` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--configuration))
- `data_sources` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--data_sources))
- `runner_id_token_refs` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--runner_id_token_refs))
- `secret_refs` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--spec--secret_refs))

<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.configuration`

Read-Only:

- `arguments` (Map of String)
- `source` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_sources`

Read-Only:

- `arguments` (Map of String)
- `label` (String)
- `provider_ref` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--runner_id_token_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_id_token_refs`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--spec--secret_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_refs`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
