---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airdrop_secret Data Source - terraform-provider-airdrop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# airdrop_secret (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "airdrop_secret" "current" {
  metadata {
    name      = "my-test-secret"
    namespace = "default"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `data` (Map of String, Sensitive) Secret data
- `data_json` (String, Sensitive) JSON encoded representation of the data field returned by the API.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `string_data` (Map of String, Sensitive) Base64 decoded representation of the data field.
- `string_data_json` (String, Sensitive) JSON encoded representation of the base64 decoded data field.
- `type` (String) Secret type

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
