---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airdrop_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-airdrop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# airdrop_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airdrop_cluster" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec {
    origin {
      api_version = "bluechip.pubg.io/v1"
      kind        = "Cluster"
      name        = "edith"
      namespace   = "devops"
    }
    allowed_namespaces = ["default"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `allowed_namespaces` (List of String)
- `origin` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--origin))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.origin`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) APIVersion defines the versioned schema of this representation of an object. Servers should convert recognized schemas to the latest internal value, and may reject unrecognized values.
- `kind` (String) Kind is a string value representing the REST resource this object represents. Servers may infer this from the endpoint the client submits requests to. Cannot be updated.
- `name` (String) Name is unique within a namespace to reference this cluster.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace defines the space within each name must be unique.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `environment` (String)
- `kubernetes` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--kubernetes))
- `organization_unit` (String)
- `project` (String)
- `vendor` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--status--vendor))

<a id="nestedobjatt--status--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `ca_cert` (String)
- `endpoint` (String)
- `sa_issuer` (String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--status--vendor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.vendor`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `engine` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `region` (String)
