---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airdrop_namespaceconfig Resource - terraform-provider-airdrop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# airdrop_namespaceconfig (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airdrop_namespaceconfig" "current" {
  metadata {
    name = "test"
  }
  spec {
    patchwork_config {
      project_name = "devops-dev"
    }
    namespace_ref {
      name = "my-2323232"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `namespace_ref` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--namespace_ref))
- `patchwork_config` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--patchwork_config))

Optional:

- `retirement_policies` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--retirement_policies))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--namespace_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.namespace_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the namespace.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--patchwork_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.patchwork_config`

Required:

- `project_name` (String) ProjectName is the name of the project that this namespace belongs to.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--retirement_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retirement_policies`

Required:

- `targets` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--retirement_policies--targets))

Optional:

- `default` (Number) Default is the default number of days before a namespace is retired.
- `max` (Number) Default is the default number of days before a namespace is retired.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--retirement_policies--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retirement_policies.targets`

Required:

- `names` (List of String) Names is a list of namespace names that this policy applies to.

Optional:

- `tags` (List of String) Tags is a list of tags that this policy applies to.




<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
