---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airdrop_provider Resource - terraform-provider-airdrop"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# airdrop_provider (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airdrop_provider" "current" {
  metadata {
    name      = "my-provider"
    namespace = "default"
  }

  spec {
    configuration {
      source  = "hashicorp/aws"
      version = "5.0.0"
      arguments = {
        region = "us-east-1"
      }
    }

    data_sources {
      type      = "aws_iam_policy_document"
      label     = "example"
      arguments = {}
    }

    secret_refs {
      name = "aws-credentials"
    }

    runner_id_token_refs {
      name = "github-actions"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the resource.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace is the namespace of the resource.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key value pairs that may be used to scope and select individual resources. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects.

Read-Only:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) CreationTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was created.
- `resource_version` (String) ResourceVersion is an opaque value that changes on every update to a resource.
- `update_timestamp` (String) UpdateTimestamp is a timestamp representing the server time when this object was last updated.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `configuration` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Provider configuration block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--configuration))

Optional:

- `data_sources` (Block List) Optional data sources definitions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--data_sources))
- `runner_id_token_refs` (Block List) Optional RunnerIDToken references. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--runner_id_token_refs))
- `secret_refs` (Block List) Optional secret references. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--secret_refs))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.configuration`

Required:

- `source` (String)

Optional:

- `arguments` (Map of String)
- `version` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--data_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.data_sources`

Required:

- `label` (String)
- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `arguments` (Map of String)
- `provider_ref` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--runner_id_token_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.runner_id_token_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--secret_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.secret_refs`

Required:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
